# Project Documentation

This site provides project documentation.
Use the documentation navigation to explore.

## How-To Guide

Many instructions are common to all our projects.

See
[⭐ **Workflow: Apply Example**](https://denisecase.github.io/pro-analytics-02/workflow-b-apply-example-project/)
to get these projects running on your machine.

## Project Documentation Pages (docs/)

- **Home** - this documentation landing page
- [**Project Instructions**](./project-instructions.md)  - the standard project workflow
- [**Your Files**](./your-files.md) - how to copy the example and create your version
- [**Glossary**](./glossary.md) - project terms and concepts
- [**API**](./api.md) - autogenerated code documentation for the public project interface

The API page is not always easy to read at first,
but it becomes useful as you get more comfortable with project structure,
modules, functions, and docstrings.

## Custom Project

## Basis

Technical Modification dataset includes co2 emissions data from multiple countries. CSV file columns"
  "year",
  "co2",
  "co2_per_capita",
  "population",
  "gdp"
  Workflow was based off of provided datafun-06-applied app_case.py file and eda_case.ipynb file. Both
  were copied and retitled, replacing case with bjean.
Custom Project dataset includes airline safety data provided by github source. CSV file columns:
  "avail_seat_km_per_week",
  "incidents_85_99",
  "fatal_accidents_85_99",
  "fatalities_85_99",
  "incidents_00_14",
  "fatal_accidents_00_14",
  "fatalities_00_14"

## Phase 4 Technical Modification

I adjusted both the python module and the notebook to run the plot using population in correlation with
co2 emissions as opposed to the original
plot comparing co2 emissions with GDP. I ran both
files and confirmed that plots ran with
the modification.

## Phase 5 Custom

The custom project focused on both the python module and notebook with both running successfully. The
workflow group column focuses on airlines, which
can cause visual decline in the legend
if you don't alter the location. Specific
Instruction provided in read me to add to the plot.
Two of the original plot types were used here, heat map
and scatter plot. The box plot visually did not present well. I do think finding a way to group the
airlines on a larger scale might add value to the analysis,
example might be combining them by country
of origin. It also would be worth
comparing these date ranges further by said larger
scale group. Are airlines from different countries
seeing improvements in incidents/fatalities over time
and as the km per week affecting that in anyway.
